her daughter is dead but she cannot let
go you will not take her from me she
says as Israel's war continues the
injured are brought to overwhelmed
hospitals Gaza is now filled with the
displaced Palestinians have had to move
multiple times during this war in an
attempt to stay
safe were forced to leave our home and
took shelter at Nasser hospital then
alaa University compound we ended up
here in this tent we use wood fire to
bake bread and cook what we can get our
hands on this winter is fiercely cold
this is not even a proper
tent the constant bombing the
unprecedented destruction and the
Relentless killing Palestinians are left
to assess the damage inflicted upon
them this is Israel's policy of
collecting of punishment to all the
family members of any resistance fighter
carrying out an operation property is
not more precious than a human soul
compared to Gaza and the gazans we are
in a better situation at least our home
was destroyed with no one from our
family
inside around them there's more violence
Palestinian Fighters resist in the face
of Israel's overwhelming military power
Israel bombs every inch of Gaza the dead
now being inside the grounds of Al nasar
Hospital Palestinians are paying for the
brutality with their lives Assad bag Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer